You drown
What did you do?
My dad is here
You all call me
Mr. Gong
The tree came down late and asked Mr. Gong for the law
This is the good boy you taught
You drowned and didn't go to Xue Lu's contestant
Dad?
Our image is one of the four major families.
If you can't do what you want, why should you apologize to him?
He's a stinky delivery guy
Shut up
Just because of you
All the assets of our experts
It's all frozen.
No one above
We experts are nothing in the fruit
Did you see what happened to the Liang family?
This is the future of our experts
Mr. Xing, you are a good son
I just mocked Mr. Xue Zhilong three or five times
Suppressing Mr. Xue Zhilong has been giving opportunities
What are you still doing?
Apologize to Mr. Xue Zhilong
What is he? He doesn't deserve it.
Mr. Xue Zhilong is a subordinate godson
return
Mr. Xue Zhilong is lenient
Why should I let you go?